doc(development-guide): add details for history mode (#84)
fivetran/fivetran_sdk: development-guide.md

    - `null_string` value is used to represent `NULL` value in all batch files.
    - `unmodified_string` value is used to indicate columns in `update_files` where the values did not change.

#### WriteHistoryBatchRequest

> The `WriteHistoryBatchRequest` RPC call provides details about the batch files containing the records to be pushed to the destination for [**History Mode**](https://fivetran.com/docs/using-fivetran/features#historymode). In addition to the parameters of the [`WriteBatchRequest`](#writebatchrequest), this request also contains the `earliest_start_files` parameter used for updating history mode-specific columns for the existing rows in the destination.

Reviewer: Nit:
> records to be pushed to the destination
pushed doesn't seem to be a good word here. may be we can use loaded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `WriteHistoryBatchRequest` RPC call provides details about the batch files containing the records to be written to the destination for [**History Mode**](https://fivetran.com/docs/using-fivetran/features#historymode). In addition to the parameters of the [`WriteBatchRequest`](#writebatchrequest), this request also contains the `earliest_start_files` parameter used for updating history mode-specific columns for the existing rows in the destination.
```

    - `null_string` value is used to represent `NULL` value in all batch files.
    - `unmodified_string` value is used to indicate columns in `update_files` where the values did not change.

#### WriteHistoryBatchRequest

> The `WriteHistoryBatchRequest` RPC call provides details about the batch files containing the records to be pushed to the destination for **History Mode**. In addition to the parameters of `WriteBatchRequest`, this request also contains following batch file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `WriteHistoryBatchRequest` RPC call provides details about the batch files containing the records to be pushed to the destination for **History Mode**. In addition to the parameters of `WriteBatchRequest`, this request also contains the `earliest_start_files` file used for updating history mode-specific columns for the existing rows in the destination.
```

Reviewer 2: @shivangisingh172 
1. I believe the history mode is enabled on table level maximum, why do we use "history mode-specific columns" here?
2. Why is the file  called `earliest_start_files` since it's a single file? Does it contain information for multiple files in the source?
3. I would advise against using the same name for method and file - adds confusion and requires specifying the entity name in each instance.

> - `earliest_start_files` is for updating history mode specific columns for the existing rows in the destination.

Reviewer 2: In the How To Handle History Mode, `replace_files`, `update_files` and `delete_files` are specified as files, why here you list a single file?

Author: I've added a statement before this 
`In addition to the parameters of `WriteBatchRequest`, this request also contains following batch file` 

This file is in addition to the existing batch files that are part of the `WriteBatchRequest`, should we describe these files again in the `WriteHistoryBatchRequest ` section?

> > Note: To handle history mode `earliest_start_files`, `replace_files`, `update_files` and `delete_files`, follow [How to Handle History Mode Batch Files](how-to-handle-history-mode-batch-files.md) guide.

Author: These are files, should we not specify the file names and just use the genric term batch files?
